Update the contribution guide (#1868)
beeware/toga: docs/how-to/contribute-docs.rst

  .. group-tab:: Windows

    .. code-block:: doscon

      (venv) C:\...>tox -e docs-lint

This will validate the documentation does not contain:

* dead hyperlinks
* misspelled words

If a valid spelling of a word is identified as misspelled, then add the word to
the list in ``docs/spelling_wordlist``. This will add the word to the
spellchecker's dictionary. When adding to this list, remember:

* We prefer US spelling, with some liberties for programming-specific
  colloquialism (e.g., "apps") and verbing of nouns (e.g., "scrollable")

> * Any reference to an product name should use the product's preferred
>   capitalization. (e.g,, "macOS", "GTK", "pytest", "Pygame", "PyScript").
> * If a terms is being used "as code", then it should be quoted as a literal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Any reference to a product name should use the product's preferred
  capitalization. (e.g., "macOS", "GTK", "pytest", "Pygame", "PyScript").
* If a term is being used "as code", then it should be quoted as a literal
```
